Fixing list order in how updates work doc (#69346)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/update-process-workflow.adoc

Certain conditions can prevent updates from proceeding.
These conditions are either determined by the CVO itself, or reported by individual cluster Operators that detect some details about the cluster that the Operator considers problematic for the update.

> . The CVO records the accepted release in `status.desired` and creates a `status.history` entry about the new update.

Author: Thanks! If it's okay I'd prefer to handle this feedback in a later PR so I can merge this formatting fix in without QE review.

> When the CVO deployment is applied, the current CVO pod terminates, and a CVO pod using the new version starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the CVO deployment is applied, the current CVO pod stops, and a CVO pod that uses the new version starts.
```
Again, I know this line wasn't part of your changes, but a couple of small edits can improve it. Just for your consideration!

See IBM Style Word Usage for guidance about "terminates" and "using": https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage
